[RUDEUS]
Great work, you guys!
[COUNTER ARROW]
Cheers!
[gulping]
You saved our butts
again today, Rudeus.
That's our Quagmire!
No, I'm only any use at all
because you all work so well
together already.
And you're always so modest.
Stop!
[RUDEUS]
Since that night in the woods,
I've been working
with Counter Arrow
almost exclusively.
And my reputation keeps growing.
It's not just the adventurers
talking about "Quagmire Rudeus",
it's the villagers as well.
And one other thing has changed.
Sara and I have gotten closer.
My dad was a hunter for years
before I was born,
so I've basically
been practicing archery
ever since I could walk.
That's why I still use a bow
today.
I know it's not the best
for adventuring,
but I still like it.
My father was a knight
before I was born.
I think he wanted me to be, too,
but I always had more talent
for magic.
So he hired me a tutor.
A Migurdian mage named Roxy.
That sounds like a woman.
She is. She was incredible.
And, I consider her my master
even now.
Oh, that's neat.
[RUDEUS] Some topics put her
in a sour mood,
but, in general, we're good!
[sighs]
Oh, hey, you don't mind
if I change the subject, do you?
[RUDEUS]
No.
Well, being a hunter's kid,
I'm not too bad with a knife,
either,
but I mostly use mine
to do repairs on my gear.
And the blade
is getting awfully chipped,
so, uh, I've been thinking
about buying myself
a new one pretty soon.
[RUDEUS]
I see.
That being said,
if you're free tomorrow,
you want to come shopping
with me?
Uh, sure thing.
That sounds like fun.
It's settled, then!
[chuckles]
[gasps]
Uh. Uh... [sighs]
[RUDEUS]
And only then did I realize
what her invitation
really was...
a date.
Ah, that was so much fun!
Can't afford it now,
but seeing all that stuff
made me want a new breastplate.
Is something wrong
with your current one?
Well, I bought it
a long time ago,
now, so it's starting
to get a little tight on me.
Is it, now?
Oh, quit your blushing,
you big baby.
I mean, honestly.
You men are all the same, huh?
[sighs]
I'm feeling a little tipsy.
I almost always drink too much
whenever we're together.
[Rudeus gasps]
[RUDEUS]
Do you?
[SARA]
Yeah, I wonder why.
Maybe I just feel safer
when you're next to me.
[RUDEUS]
Is this what I think it is?
Do I "have a shot," as they say?
I do, right?
You're allowed to touch me.
Oh, are you sure?
[RUDEUS]
Okay, then. I'll go for it.
I've done a lot of reflection
in the last 30 seconds,
and it's high time
I put the past behind me
and moved on.
[Rudeus chugs and sighs]
Hey,
why don't we call it a night?
It's getting late.
I'll walk you to your inn?
[RUDEUS]
On the other hand,
I shouldn't try to make a move
until I'm positive about this.
Isn't that right, Paul?
[SARA] I think I'd like to talk
a little longer.
Ah. If you want, okay.
Maybe we could look
for another tavern to try?
Yeah.
No. I think I'd rather go back
to your room.
[RUDEUS]
Come on.
Does she realize
how that sounds?
Even if she does,
I need to control myself.
It's not even like that
between us!
But hang on. Read the room.
If she's fine with this, maybe
I should just go with the flow!
Let things
take their natural course!
Okay, well...
Let's get going, then.
[Sara sighs]
[gasps]
And here we are.
This is a big room.
[sighs]
Would, uh,
you like something to drink?
[SARA]
Forget about that.
Come over here.
Okay.
[RUDEUS]
Here goes nothing.
So, um...
What's up?
I'm really grateful to you.
I almost died,
and if you hadn't come
looking for me,
I definitely would have.
That's why, if you want...
we can do it.
[gasps]
[sighs]
[whimpers]
[RUDEUS]
Huh.
Mm? Oh, uh.
[RUDEUS]
And then it hit me.
The real reason I had felt
like something was "off."
It wasn't Sara.
She was amazing,
her body was perfect.
She left absolutely nothing
to be desired.
The problem was me.
My body was raising
one hell of a red flag.
Or, to be more precise,
it wasn't raising anything
at all.
It was completely unresponsive.
[RUDEUS]
Oh, come on.
Why? How? And since when?
How long have I--?
[panting]
[RUDEUS]
This doesn't make any sense.
It's never stayed down before!
Even when I wanted it to!
What in the ever-loving hell
is happening to my body?
-[SARA] Hey.
-Huh?
It's not like I was...
I don't know,
"into you" or anything.
What?
[SARA]
I just wanted to thank you.
You know, pay my debt.
So, don't go
getting the wrong idea.
I only came up here
'cause I felt obligated.
You what?
[SARA]
So, bye.
[RUDEUS]
Hey, wai--
What a disaster.
[gasps]
[sighs]
[RUDEUS]
It's cold.
[gulping and groans]
Give me another, old man.
Kid, you're gonna hurt yourself
drinking like that.
[RUDEUS]
Lay off and pour, would you?
[sighs]
Well, well.
If it isn't Quagmire!
Fancy seeing you here.
Not every day
I find you drinking
in our favorite tavern.
What're you moping about?
Did someone have a shitty day?
Come on, now,
don't bother trying to hide it.
I've seen you do this enough.
Whenever something
doesn't go your way,
you run off with your tail
between your legs
till it's time to deploy
that sad clown smile again.
You're such a-- [grunts]
You asshole!
What are you so mad about?
You're always picking fights
with me.
Isn't this what you wanted
all along?
What're--
What's wrong with smiling
whenever I want, huh?
Maybe I should go around
insulting and belittling people,
just like you?
If I could get away
with that shit.
If I could stand to make
everyone around me resent me.
If I didn't care whether I drove
everyone away from me.
If I could keep your attitude
without hating myself,
then yeah, maybe I would!
[inhales]
I don't want anyone to hate me!
That's why I'm always smiling
like that!
What about that
pisses you off so much?
I just want you to stay.
[sniffling]
Smile even if you don't mean it.
It's not that hard,
and it hurts
when you're so cruel to me.
[breathes shakily]
Whatever. I'm done.
I don't care anymore.
So bring it on.
Hit me, damn it.
Have your fucking fun.
Then when I'm sprawled out,
you can look down on me
and laugh.
I know I can't take you
in a fight.
[Rudeus crying]
Hey, Soldat.
It's about time you cut the boy
some slack, huh?
Yeah, I guess so.
All right, kiddo.
That was my bad.
I'm sorry, okay?
Maybe
you really do have it worse
than most people.
[RUDEUS]
What would you know about it?
Uh... Well, nothing yet.
Anyway, next one's on me.
So drink up
and you can tell me about it.
It might help you get it
off your chest,
if nothing else.
[Rudeus sniffles]
[SOLDAT]
Ah, so your girl dumped you
'cause you can't get it up?
[sniffles] Yeah, so what?
You making fun of me now?
No, of course I'm not.
Don't be dumb.
Here's the thing.
When you're down in the dumps
like this,
you got to be clear about why,
otherwise,
no one can help make it better.
[sighs]
Well, I was feeling melancholy
'cause--
Uh, don't be so formal.
You sounded
a lot more honest earlier.
Don't feel like you have to hide
behind fancy words like that.
Now start over.
Tell it to me straight.
[Rudeus sighs]
I was upset about something that
happened a long time ago now.
I used to know this girl.
Yeah?
We went through a lot,
but we got closer,
and, eventually,
we were each other's first.
Sure, everyone's got to
start somewhere.
That's how it works.
But in the morning,
she had already left,
gone on some trip.
And she didn't even tell me
where.
Wow, she just ditched you, huh?
[Rudeus crying]
Hey, quit the tears.
But if that's your reaction,
I think we just found
what your problem is.
Why would she leave?
I thought we were supposed to...
I don't...
Well, based on my experience,
it might have been something
you screwed up right beforehand.
[gasps] But right beforehand?
I must have really sucked
in bed, then.
No, don't start
jumping to conclusions.
Let's fix you up.
[Rudeus gasps]
But how, exactly?
I don't know.
But, look, sometimes,
the only way to get past
a problem
is to keep pounding at it,
if you get my drift.
Meaning what?
It's time to call in
a professional.
[crowd chatter]
[gasps]
Excuse me.
I am Elise.
It's a pleasure to meet you.
Would you do me the honor
of sharing your name, sir?
Oh, yeah, I'm Rudeus.
Uh, Rudeus Greyrat.
I look forward to serving you.
Why don't I get you a drink?
Your reputation precedes you,
-Rudeus.
-Does it?
Oh, well,
I suppose another adventurer
must have mentioned me.
Oh, no. It was my sister.
You once cast a healing spell
on her, free of charge.
I did?
You did.
Last winter,
while you were clearing snow
out of the square,
she said.
[gasps]
I'm honored to welcome
such a gentleman into my bed.
The other working girls
will be terribly jealous.
That's nice.
May I have another cup?
Yes, of course.
But our time here is limited,
so I do hope
you'll enjoy me, as well.
Oh, yeah, I will, thank you.
[sighs]
So, what do we do? Just, start?
Certainly.
[gasps]
[ELISE]
Now, Master Rudeus, to bed.
[grunts]
You can lie back.
Let me get started my way.
So then I said,
"You guys go around the back,
I'll take out all the monsters
in front with one strike!
Meet me at--"
Uh?
[SOLDAT]
Hey, Quagmire. How'd it go?
She tried all sorts
of different things for me,
but no luck.
Ah, shoot. Okay.
I'm so sorry
that I couldn't be of more help.
Hey, it's not your fault.
You did what you could.
[SOLDAT]
Oh, well, I'm all out of ideas.
Hey, you "know" him now,
what do you think?
[sighs]
It struck me that he's a bit,
well, frightened and timid
around women in general.
So I wonder,
if his partner were someone
he didn't have to be afraid of.
Someone whom he feels certain
would never turn on him
no matter what, then.
Ring any bells?
[RUDEUS] For a moment,
I thought of Roxy,
but no,
that probably wouldn't work.
I fear that such relationships
can't be rushed into.
They must be nurtured,
little by little.
Eh, that figures.
Well, drink up tonight,
Quagmire.
You deserve to forget this.
Right.
-[Rudeus snoring]
-[WAITER 203A] Excuse me, sirs?
We're a bit past closing time.
Huh?
[yawns] It's morning? Ah, well.
[sighs]
[SOLDAT]
Say, Quagmire.
[RUDEUS]
Mm, what?
I got this rule, like,
when I'm going
through a labyrinth,
I don't rush into things
too quickly, you know?
Um...
[SOLDAT]
'Cause he deeper you go,
the tougher the monsters
you encounter are gonna be.
Different kinds
will even team up
with each other sometimes.
And when that happens,
you can't just go
rushing in blind.
That's how people get hurt
or dead.
Yeah.
So what you do,
is you stay a floor above
and ease yourself into things,
and that works pretty well.
-[clears throat]
-Yeah!
Fight the weaker ones!
So, with you and Sara,
I think you just got in
too deep, too fast.
"Too deep"?
Haven't you been listening?
I mean sure, I tried,
but the problem here
is that I didn't get in at all.
It's a metaphor!
'Cause it sounds to me like
she was all ready
and raring to go tonight,
but maybe, you needed more time
to get yourself prepped,
like in your emotion
feeling stuff, or whatever.
Yeah, I'm not sure
about any of that.
She said she was only doing it
out of obligation.
Yeah?
Hope you're not always
that gullible,
'cause
from where I've been sitting,
it looks like
she's plenty into you.
Uh...
Anyway, if you got the time,
why not go see her again
and see
if you can't talk things out?
Sir, yes, sir! Yeah.
Maybe I'll go see her tonight
or tomorrow or something.
I don't feel like
you're listening.
-I was actually gonna--
-[RUDEUS] Yeah! Whatever!
I get it, already!
Just, let it go, will you?
But what do I care
if it doesn't work out?
You really think
I'd want a woman like her?
I mean, she's built like a kid.
A real woman ought to be
like Elise, you know?
Like, stacked, you get me?
[chuckles]
Come on, Soldat.
Am I right or am I right?
I mean, shopping and dinner?
Can you believe
all that little girl crap?
Like, are we playing house,
or what?
Hey, Quagmire, leave it at that.
[RUDEUS]
I'm just stating facts.
Rudeus deserves a real woman!
-Mm?
-Uh...
[growls]
Uh, no, Sara, I, I didn't--
[slap]
You're the worst.
I never want
to see your face again.
[metal clanging]
[Sara grunts]
Rudeus, that was out of line.
[gasps]
[sighs]
Ah...
-[gasps]
-[metal slicing]
-[thuds]
-[metal clangs]
Hold your horses, dumbass!
You go after her
right this second
and explain yourself, okay?
Stand up, idiot! Go!
What's the point? Won't help.
I don't want to,
don't want to do anything.
-[Rudeus weeps]
-Okay, then, hey!
Why not take a trip
to visit your family?
Where's your old man at, huh?
Asura, or where?
[RUDEUS]
Millis.
Uh, that's pretty far away,
isn't it?
[sighs]
[SOLDAT]
Then you want to come with us?
Huh?
[SOLDAT]
A huge labyrinth turned up
over in the Duchy of Neris.
We were thinking of heading out
sometime today.
Come on. It'll be fun.
[gasps]
Why? Why would you even offer?
I thought you hated my guts.
Yeah.
That creepy smile
and the kiss-ass attitude
really rubbed me the wrong way,
and I just wanted you
to drop the mask.
But now that you have,
and I know
what's at the heart of you,
I know you got reasons
for acting the way you do.
So, there's no reason
to hate you now.
[RUDEUS]
I feel like
I've really misunderstood
Soldat.
I've been giving him
a wide berth
because of my first impression,
but he's a much better person
than I ever would have imagined.
So? What's the verdict?
[sniffles]
I'll go.
Please take me with you.
Okay.
What are we waiting for?
Oh, hey, get this.
There's a rumor
about some incredible mage
who just showed up.
Apparently he was able to help
a party of under 20 people
take down a stray dragon
without even breaking a sweat.
[ADVENTURER 203B]
Impressive. This guy got a name?
They call him, like,
"Quagmire Rudeus,"
-or something.
-[Elinalise gasps]
[ADVENTURER 203B]
"Quagmire," huh?
[ELINALISE]
Pardon me, gentlemen.
Would you mind telling me more?
Uh, more about what?
This rumor about the adventurer.
"Quagmire Rudeus," was it?
That's pretty much it.
I don't actually know
anything else about him-- Uh!
Come on, think harder.
Surely you can remember
a little more.
There's something good in it
for you and your friend there,
-if you do.
-Oh.
-[chuckles]
-[sighs]
-Ah! Yeah, I know!
-[chuckles]
He's in Pippin!
Basherant's second city, Pippin.
Is he really? Thank you so much.
[both chuckles]
So I've finally found him.